#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu111/torch_stable.html

absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
albumentations==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.8
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyio==3.4.0
    # via starlette
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via uvicorn
async-timeout==4.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via aiohttp
braceexpand==0.1.7
    # via webdataset
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   cloudinary
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via uvicorn
cloudinary==1.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
easydict==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.70.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.28.2
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2021.11.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.42.0
    # via tensorboard
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
hydra-core==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.13.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via albumentations
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via markdown
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via hydra-core
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
kornia==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==2.6.3
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   kornia
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   webdataset
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.1.1
    # via hydra-core
opencv-python==4.5.4.60
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgaug
opencv-python-headless==4.5.4.60
    # via albumentations
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   setuptools-scm
pandas==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via tensorboard
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via fastapi
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-lightning==1.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.2.0
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   omegaconf
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   webdataset
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fsspec
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   wldhx.yadisk-direct
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via matplotlib
shapely==1.8.0
    # via imgaug
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   cloudinary
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
starlette==0.16.0
    # via fastapi
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2021.11.2
    # via scikit-image
tomli==1.2.2
    # via setuptools-scm
torch==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kornia
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==0.2.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.11.1+cu111
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   async-timeout
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   cloudinary
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
webdataset==0.1.103
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via tensorboard
wldhx.yadisk-direct==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
